Changelog 5.56.2 (#1952)
sandboxie-plus/Sandboxie: CHANGELOG.md

## [0.2 / 5.41.0] - 2020-06-08

### Added

> - IniWatcher, the .ini is now reloaded automatically every time it changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- IniWatcher, the configuration file Sandboxie.ini is now reloaded automatically every time it changes
```

- added Maintenance menu to the Sandbox menu, allowing to install/uninstall and start/stop Sandboxie driver, service
- SandMan.exe now is packed with Sbie files and when no Sbie is installed acts as a portable installation
- added option to clean-up logs

### Changed

> - Sbie driver now first checks the home path for the SbieIni.exe before checking SystemRoot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sbie driver now first checks the home path for the configuration file Sandboxie.ini before checking SystemRoot
```
